We live in a beautiful,
quiet town in central Italy,
between the sea and the mountains.
We have many friends,
some of whom are good cooks.
We have been serving for some years
in a Romanian-language congregation,
and we preach to people who have moved
to Italy to seek a better life.
When we heard the announcement
about the special campaign,
we looked at each other
and said, “Let’s go!”
‘A large door of activity’
was opening up to us.
But there was a problem—my job.
I would need a month’s leave of absence,
and that would be difficult.
We prayed, and we did research.
And during family worship,
we decided that in order to participate,
I would ask for a one-month leave from work.
But Jehovah had something else in mind
that would create
the right circumstances for us.
When I arrived at work the next day,
I found an unexpected situation.
Because of the failing economy,
my boss gave me and some other employees
a letter of dismissal.
I was not at all worried.
I trusted in Jehovah,
and I knew that this new situation
would allow me
to participate in the campaign.
Participating in this campaign
is a dream come true.
We wanted to participate in 2013,
but unfortunately things in life
do not always go as we would like.
We received some truly shocking news.
My father had been diagnosed
with pancreatic cancer.
Emotionally, it was not easy.
The tranquillity
we had dreamed and hoped for
was almost gone.
The only thing that could help me
at that moment was
the hope for what Jehovah promises us.
In addition to my father’s death,
I began to experience panic attacks.
I was afraid of something that didn’t exist
—afraid of not being able to move on.
It’s the kind of emotion
that leaves a lump in your throat,
and you can’t even breathe.
I realized that only Jehovah
could help me fill the void that I felt.
After a family worship,
Fabio and I decided to turn in
our regular pioneer applications.
I felt Jehovah at my side,
embracing and supporting me.
In the end, they turned out to be
the three most beautiful years of our lives,
which also allowed us
to participate in this beautiful campaign.
In Romania, there are
many isolated territories
that local brothers cannot work
because of the great distances to be covered.
It is really exciting to reach many people
by traveling on dirt roads
that are often muddy.
The people are generous,
hospitable, and genuine.
They almost always invite us into their homes
and are willing to talk to us.
Talking to people who do not know Jehovah
and who are still very much interested
in doctrinal topics is really exciting.
Experiencing firsthand
a culture different from ours,
seeing people who live a more simple life,
and trying to understand their needs
is an experience that we will take with us.
And it will help us
to preach more effectively
in our assigned
congregation’s territory in Italy.
Now we are stronger than when we left home.
This experience has made us
love the ministry even more.
We look forward to returning
to our home territory with renewed zeal.
We are certain that Jehovah will guide us
to further service opportunities
in order to help others know
his wonderful purposes.